Bug Fix: Date spine timestamp error (#24)
fivetran/dbt_sage_intacct: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_sage_intacct v0.4.1
[PR #24](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_sage_intacct/pull/24) includes the following updates.

# Bug Fixes

> - Updated the `int_sage_intacct__general_ledger_date_spine` model to accommodate for the cases when the compiled `sage_intacct__general_ledger` model has no transactions. In this case, the model now defaults to a range of one-month from the current date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the `int_sage_intacct__general_ledger_date_spine` model to accommodate for the cases when the compiled `sage_intacct__general_ledger` model has no transactions. In this case, the model now defaults to a range of one month leading up to the current date.
```

# dbt_sage_intacct v0.5.0
[PR #24](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_sage_intacct/pull/24) includes the following updates.

## 🚨 Breaking Changes: Bug Fixes 🚨
- Updated the structure of the `int_sage_intacct__general_ledger_date_spine` model for improved performance and maintainability.
    - Modified the date spine logic so that the model will take the maximum `entry_date_at` from the `sage_intacct__general_ledger` for the last date of the spine if it is available, rather than the current date. This will help capture future-dated transactions as well beyond the current date. 

>     - This is a breaking change, as this will change what transaction records of `sage_intacct__general_ledger_by_period` end up in our final models.  

Author: Updated
